---
title:  Eid al-Fitr 2022/1443 Announcement
date:   2022-04-30 18:00:00 +0100
thumbnail: happy-eid-mubarak
categories: announcements
tags: [Eid al-Fitr, 2022, 1443]
---

**The Management Committee of the {{ site.title }} have agreed that Eid al-Fitr will be on Tuesday 2nd May 2022.**

**May Allah accept our fasting and prayers during Ramadan.**

Don't forget to pay your **[Zakat al-Fitr](#zakatul-fitr)** and **must** be paid **before** you perform your Eid prayer. The minimum amount is **£5 per person**, which can be paid at the collection box at the back of Main Prayer Hall. Alternatively pay by bank transfer to:

- Name: The Eccles and Salford Islamic Society
- Sort code: 40-20-14
- Account number: 21396900

## Eid prayers

We will be holding three Eid prayers this year.

* 1st Eid Prayer : 06:30am
* 2nd Eid Prayer : 07:30am
* 3rd Eid Prayer : 09:00am

## Eid prayer location

{{ site.subtitle }}<br/>
5 Liverpool Road<br/>
Eccles<br/>
M30 0WB

[Direction to {{ site.title }}](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/dir//Eccles+Mosque,+5+Liverpool+Road,+Eccles,+Salford+M30+0WB,+United+Kingdom/).

## Zakatul Fitr

Originally this was the giving of a certain amount of food to the needy, but nowadays most people give money to pay for the food. This has been set at £5, and should be paid for each and every member of the family, including children.

Zakatul Fitr can be paid from the beginning of Ramadan; we advise people to do so as early as possible, to make it easier to reach the needy recipients in time.

The latest it can be given is just before the Eid prayer, but delaying it this long means there’s no time to get food to the needy for Eid day. Remember, in the time of the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him), people gave food directly to the needy, so there was no delay.

{{ site.subtitle }} will collect your Zakatul Fitr, or you can use one of the many registered Muslim charities.

Abu Dharr (r.a.) narrated that Allah's Messenger (s.a.w.s.) said:

> "Those who have much wealth (in this world) will be the least rewarded (in the Hereafter) except those who do like this and like this (i.e., spend their money in charity)."
