---
title: Ramadan 2023/1444 Announcement
date: 2023-03-22 17:00:00 +0100
thumbnail: ramadan-greetings
tags: [ramadan, 2023, 1444, announcement]
---

{{ site.subtitle }} would like to welcome in Ramadan 2023/1444AH. Ramadan Karim! We pray everyone has a beneficial and rewarding Ramadan, insha'Allah.

The Crescent Moon has been sighted today!

Ramadhan 1444 will begin tonight (Wed, 22 March 2023) InshaAllah

{% include prayer-timetable-download-button.html for="2023-04-ramadan" %}

First taraweeh prayer will take place tonight after Isha prayer at 08:30PM.

## Iftar

We offer Iftar (breaking of the fast) every evening in the {{ site.title }} – but it can be very busy, with a lot of people attending. We welcome donations and sponsors, just call 0161 789 2609, 07958299770 or 07913981456 to say you’d like to help.

## Tarawih & Tahajjud

Every night we have people filling the Mosque for the Tarawih prayers – the optional special prayers in Ramadan when night falls. For the first few days we often run out of space, so please come early.

## I’tikaf

I’tikaf refers to going into seclusion in the mosque for the sole purpose of worshipping Allah and attaching oneself and one’s heart to His worship. I’tikaf provides an opportunity to the believer to get closer to Allah by temporarily freeing oneself and one’s mind from the activities and worries of this world. This provides an excellent opportunity to train oneself to disassociate temporarily from the worries of the world and to instead focus only on Allah alone.

**If you are planing to do Itikaf at the {{ site.title }}, please call 0161 789 2609, 07958299770 or 07913981456 to discuss.**

## Eid prayers

We will be holding three Eid prayers this year:

1. 6:30 am
2. 7:30 am
3. 9:00 am

## Zakatul Fitr

Originally this was the giving of a certain amount of food to the needy, but nowadays most people give money to pay for the food. This has been set at **£6**, and should be paid for each and every member of the family, including children.

Zakatul Fitr can be paid from the beginning of Ramadan; we advise people to do so as early as possible, to make it easier to reach the needy recipients in time.

The latest it can be given is just before the Eid prayer, but delaying it this long means there is no time to get food to the needy for Eid day. Remember, in the time of the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him), people gave food directly to the needy, so there was no delay.

{{ site.subtitle }} will collect your Zakatul Fitr, or you can use one of the many registered Muslim charities.

Abu Dharr (r.a.) narrated that Allah's Messenger (s.a.w.s.) said:

> "Those who have much wealth (in this world) will be the least rewarded (in the Hereafter) except those who do like this and like this (i.e., spend their money in charity)."

## Noise Reduction During Ramadan

In this blessed month, we politely remind our congregation and worshippers, who alhamdulillah travel from afar to pray at the {{ site.title }}, that we become extra mindful of our neighbours who live in the residential areas nearby. We should keep our noise levels absolutely to a minimum.
