---
title: Taste Ramadan 2019 - Communal Iftar Meal
thumbnail: taste-ramadan-2019
poster: taste-ramadan-2019
tags: [taste, ramadan, 2019, 1440]
date:   2019-05-10 17:00:00+0100
startDate: 2019-05-18T20:00:00+0000
doorTime: 2019-05-18T20:00:00+0000
endDate: 2019-05-18T22:00:00+0000
offers:
  - Guided Tours
  - Observe Prayer
  - Traditional Iftari Food
  - Q & A Session Importance of Ramadan
  - Books & Leaflets
excerpt: You are cordially invited to &#35;TasteRamadan Communal Iftar Meal (a celebratory meal to break the fast).
---

Re: Invitation to Taste Ramadan Communal Dinner

<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed//izxY1Jdy-EM' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

Dear Neighbour,

We hope that this message reaches you in the best of health & happiness.

Ramadan is an auspicious time for Muslims; wherein one reflects and contemplates much on the relationship we have with God Almighty. We feel privileged, as a pillar of the Eccles/Salford community, to be able to provide a facility where we can open the fasts of the local Muslim community. We would, therefore, like to cordially invite you, our fellow neighbours from all faiths or none, to share in this festive experience and join us for the annual Iftar Meal.

We would be honoured if you would accept our invitation to open the fast with us and in essence ‘Taste Ramadan’ by partaking in a delicious meal at our premises; on **{{ page.startDate | date: '%d %B %Y at %I:%M %P' }}**. We appreciate that you may not be fasting today, but we would be honoured to share food and share friendship with you.

The event will comprise of a meet and greet; a tour of the mosque, as well as a short presentation; followed by a full meal and the opportunity for networking. 

**We shall be grateful if you could kindly confirm your participation by [email](mailto:openday@ecclesmosque.org.uk) or via the contact number given below and arrive on site for {{ page.startDate | date: '%I:%M %P' }}. This is so we can ensure you are seated and served in time for the breaking of the fast at 09:06pm.**

If you have any specific dietary requirements please do let us know in advance and we will attempt to cater to your needs. If you have any further questions or queries please do not hesitate to contact me.

Yours in good faith,

Imam Maruf Ahmed<br/>
On behalf of {{ site.subtitle }}<br/>
Email: {{ site.contact.openday }}
